feat: add mail component (#178)
instill-ai/component: application/email/v0/.compogen/extra-setup.mdx

Supported Provider Samples for Sending Emails

| Provider | SMTP Server Address | Port | Notes |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| Gmail | smtp.gmail.com | 587 (TLS) or 465 (SSL) ||
| Outlook | smtp-mail.outlook.com | 995 ||
| office365 | smtp.office365.com | 587 ||
| Yahoo | smtp.mail.yahoo.com | 465 or 587 ||
| iCloud | smtp.mail.me.com | 587 | If you see an error message when using SSL, try using TLS or STARTTLS instead. |

Supported Provider Samples for Receiving Emails

| Provider | IMAP Server Address | Port |
| --- | --- | --- |
| Gmail | imap.gmail.com | 993 |
| Outlook | imap-mail.outlook.com | 993 |
| office365 | outlook.office365.com | 993 |
| Yahoo | imap.mail.yahoo.com | 993 |
| iCloud | imap.mail.me.com | 993 |

For App Password, please follow the steps below:
 - 1. Please Sign in to your Google Account with link: https://myaccount.google.com/apppasswords
 - 2. Create a new App Password and save it in a secure place.

>  - 3. Set it in Secrets in the Instill Platform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - 3. Add App Password as a new secret in the Instill Platform by navigating to **Console** > **Settings** > **Secrets**.
```
